release 2.0 (#540)
fluent/fluent-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.0.0 / 2023-02-02
### Features
- Feat: Support adding annotations to the fluent-operator deployment (#467)
- Feat: Support adding labels to the fluent-operator and the fluent-bit pods (#468)
- Feat: Add external plugin flag in the Fluent-Bit watcher (#469)
- Feat: Support adding annotations to the fluent-bit DaemonSet (#474)
- Feat: Add the `Collector` CRD and controller to support deploying Fluent Bit as a StatefulSet (#484)
- Feat: Add process termination timeout to fluent-bit-watcher (#512) 
- Feat: Add `dnsPolicy` and other Kubernetes filter options to the FluentBit CRD (#528) 

### ENHANCEMENT
- Add the `DockerModeParser` parameter to the fluentbit tail plugin (#486)

> - Dependabot: Update schedule and fix typo (#493)

Reviewer: `Dependabot: Update schedule and fix typo` dependabot's PR should be moved to the end

- Increase operator memory limit to 60Mi (#496)
- Refining the fluent-operator chart (#526)
- Update definition of flushThreadCount (#527)
- Upgrade Fluent Bit to v2.0.8 (#531)

> - Refine e2e test script (#535) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refines e2e test script (#535) 
```

- Build(deps): Bump golang from 1.19.2 to 1.19.3 in /docs/best-practice/forwarding-logs-via-http (#478)
- Build(deps): Bump alpine from 3.16.2 to 3.17.0 in /cmd/fluent-watcher/fluentd/base (#479) 
- Build(deps): Bump golang from 1.19.2-alpine3.16 to 1.19.3-alpine3.16 in /cmd/fluent-manager (#480) 
- Build(deps): Bump github.com/onsi/gomega from 1.21.1 to 1.24.1 (#481)
- Build(deps): Bump golang from 1.19.3 to 1.19.4 in /docs/best-practice/forwarding-logs-via-http (#497)
- Build(deps): Bump alpine from 3.17.0 to 3.17.1 in /cmd/fluent-watcher/fluentd/base (#507)
- Build(deps): Bump golang from 1.19.3-alpine3.16 to 1.19.5-alpine3.16 in /cmd/fluent-manager (#508)
- Build(deps): Bump golang from 1.19.2-alpine3.16 to 1.19.5-alpine3.16 in /cmd/fluent-watcher/fluentbit (#509) 
- Build(deps): Bump k8s.io/api from 0.25.4 to 0.26.1 (#519)
- Build(deps): Bump k8s.io/apimachinery from 0.25.4 to 0.26.1 (#520)
- Build(deps): Bump github.com/onsi/gomega from 1.24.1 to 1.26.0 (#530)
- Build(deps): Bump roots/issue-closer-action from 1.1 to 1.2 (#538) 
- Build(deps): Bump golang from 1.19.4 to 1.19.5 in /docs/best-practice/forwarding-logs-via-http (#539) 

### BUGFIX 

> - Fix: added Collector CRD to kustomization & Helm ClusterRole template (#515)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Add Collector CRD to kustomization & Helm ClusterRole template (#515)
```

- Fix: Adjust fluentd-loki-output-plugin params (#523)

> - Fix: adding support for labels for fluent-bit pods (#537) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Fix adding labels to the fluent-bit pods (#537) 
```

## 2.0.0 / 2023-02-02
### Features

> - Feat: Added the changes to provide custom annotations to the fluent-operator deployment and pod (#467)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Feat: Support adding annotations to the fluent-operator deployment(#467)
```

> - Feat: Adding support for labels for fluent-operator and fluent-bit pods (#468)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Feat: Support adding labels to the fluent-operator and the fluent-bit pods (#468)
```

- Feat: Add external plugin flag in the Fluent-Bit watcher (#469)

> - Feat: Adding annotations to DameonSet of fluent-bit (#474)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Feat: Support adding annotations to the fluent-bit DaemonSet (#474)
```

> - Feat: Deploy fluentbit as a statefulset (#484)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Feat: Add the `Collector` CRD and controller to support deploying Fluent Bit as a StatefulSet (#484)
```

> - Feat: Fluent-bit-watcher: timeout parameter, log timestamps, new/changed logs, additional nil/err checks (#512) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Feat: Add process termination timeout to fluent-bit-watcher (#512) 
```

> - Feat: Add dnsPolicy to fluentbit, more options to kubernetes filter (#528) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Feat: Add `dnsPolicy` and other Kubernetes filter options to the FluentBit CRD (#528) 
```

### ENHANCEMENT

> - Build(deps): Bump k8s.io/client-go from 0.25.2 to 0.25.4 (#475) 

Reviewer: All the dependentBot PRs should be put at the end of enhancements

- Build(deps): Bump sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime from 0.13.0 to 0.13.1 (#476)
- Build(deps): Bump github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify from 1.5.4 to 1.6.0 (#477)
- Build(deps): Bump golang from 1.19.2 to 1.19.3 in /docs/best-practice/forwarding-logs-via-http (#478)
- Build(deps): Bump alpine from 3.16.2 to 3.17.0 in /cmd/fluent-watcher/fluentd/base (#479) 
- Build(deps): Bump golang from 1.19.2-alpine3.16 to 1.19.3-alpine3.16 in /cmd/fluent-manager (#480) 
- Build(deps): Bump github.com/onsi/gomega from 1.21.1 to 1.24.1 (#481)

> - DockerModeParser parameter for ClusterInput tail (#486)

Reviewer: - Add the `DockerModeParser` parameter to the fluentbit tail plugin(#486)

> - Fluent-bit upgrade to v2.0.6 (#488)

Reviewer: Fluent Bit has been upgraded to v2.0.8, no need to add a change log to v2.0.6
```suggestion
```

- Dependabot: Update schedule and fix typo (#493)
- Increase operator memory limit to 60Mi (#496)
- Build(deps): Bump golang from 1.19.3 to 1.19.4 in /docs/best-practice/forwarding-logs-via-http (#497)
- Build(deps): Bump alpine from 3.17.0 to 3.17.1 in /cmd/fluent-watcher/fluentd/base (#507)
- Build(deps): Bump golang from 1.19.3-alpine3.16 to 1.19.5-alpine3.16 in /cmd/fluent-manager (#508)
- Build(deps): Bump golang from 1.19.2-alpine3.16 to 1.19.5-alpine3.16 in /cmd/fluent-watcher/fluentbit (#509) 
- Build(deps): Bump k8s.io/api from 0.25.4 to 0.26.1 (#519)
- Build(deps): Bump k8s.io/apimachinery from 0.25.4 to 0.26.1 (#520)

> - Refining the fluent-operator chart (#526)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refines the fluent-operator chart (#526)
```

- Update definition of flushThreadCount (#527)
- Build(deps): Bump github.com/onsi/gomega from 1.24.1 to 1.26.0 (#530)

> - Fluent-bit upgrade to v2.0.8 (#531)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrade Fluent Bit to v2.0.8 (#531)
```

- Refine e2e test script (#535) 
- Build(deps): Bump roots/issue-closer-action from 1.1 to 1.2 (#538) 
- Build(deps): Bump golang from 1.19.4 to 1.19.5 in /docs/best-practice/forwarding-logs-via-http (#539) 

### BUGFIX 
- Fix: added Collector CRD to kustomization & Helm ClusterRole template (#515)

> - Fixes #522 CRD and operator conform to fluentd-loki-output-plugin documentation (#523)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Adjust fluentd-loki-output-plugin params (#523)
```
